Update minimum role for alerts to member (#2876)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts-notifications/metric-alerts.mdx

description: "Learn how to configure and manage Metric Alerts."
---

Metric alerts tell you when a metric breaches a threshold, such as a spike in the number of errors in a project, or a change in a performance metric like [latency](/product/performance/metrics/#latency), [Apdex](/product/performance/metrics/#apdex), [failure rate](/product/performance/metrics/#failure-rate), and [throughput](/product/performance/metrics/#throughput-total-tpm-tps).

> The minimum role required to create alerts is member. Sentry users with manager or owner permissions can change this to admin in **Settings > General Settings > Grant Members Alerts Write**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum role required to create alerts is member. Sentry users with manager or owner permissions can change the minimum role requirement in **Settings > General Settings > Grant Members Alerts Write**.
```
